Mom, did you see it?
Yesterday, after the competition, he went to the judges.
Judge me
Then he stole my first place
Something inherent in thought
Solid, why do you slander me for no reason?
How do you explain this photo?
I explain what I explain
Will you believe me if I explain it?
You are rich and powerful
Does it matter what I say?
Mom, look at him
He doesn't even want to explain. Isn't it obvious enough?
Qian Weiwei, I didn't expect you to be such a person
You are so disappointing.
Whatever you say.
My strength, I use the finals to compete
you
Don't think I'll believe you just because you show your determination
Tian Wenwei
I will verify your test scores.
If you go through extraordinary means to get a place
I will disqualify you from the competition
Wait a minute I ask you
Do you have a crescent fetal sword in your hand?